gh-146581: Update docs for dangerous filenames in ZIP files (#149994)
python/cpython: Doc/library/shutil.rst

      Never extract archives from untrusted sources without prior inspection.
      It is possible that files are created outside of the path specified in

>       the *extract_dir* argument, e.g. members that have absolute filenames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the *extract_dir* argument, for example, members that have absolute filenames
```
Can we fix this while we're here please. [We should not have latin abbreviations.](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language)

Author: Thank you for review.

Even "etc"?
